Document Customising Product UID (#1367)
spectrocloud/librarium: content/docs/04-clusters/03-edge/02-edge-configuration/35-installer-reference.md

| `networkInterface.gateway` | The network gatway IP address. |
| `networkInterface.nameserver` | The IP address of the DNS nameserver this interface should route requests to.| 

> ## User ID (UID) Parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Device ID (UID) Parameters
```
This is not a user id.

Author: Okay, but in that case, shall I remove the UID in the brackets. as Device ID and in brackets, we have UID, it doesn't make sense.

> The User ID(UID) is generated by a specific priority sequence. The below table outlines the priority order from top to bottom, to generate a UID. The UID generation starts with priority 1, the device `name`, followed by attributes within the `deviceUID`, then obtaining the UID from the `/sys/class/dmi/id/product_uuid` file, and finally generating a random UUID if all other methods are unsuccessful.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The device ID is generated by a specific priority sequence. The below table outlines the priority order from top to bottom when generating a UID for the Edge host. The UID generation starts with priority one, the device `name`, followed by attributes within the `deviceUID`, then obtaining the UID from the **/sys/class/dmi/id/product_uuid** file, and finally generating a random UUID if all other methods are unsuccessful.
```
Let's simplify the language in this paragraph, it's a bit tough to read. File paths are also in bold per our style guide.

> | Priority | Generate Method for UID                       | Description                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Priority | Method       | Description                                                                                           |
```
Could we say method and keep it shorter? As this is how the device gets an ID assigned.

|----------|------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | 1        | `name`                                    | The device name used as the primary identifier for the UID.                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 1        | `name`                                    | The device name is used as the primary identifier for the Edge host.                                        |
```

| 2        | `deviceUID`                    | Other attributes within the `deviceUID`, such as product or board serial numbers. |

> | 3        | `/sys/class/dmi/id/product_uuid` | The UID obtained by reading the content of the `/sys/class/dmi/id/product_uuid`            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 3        | `/sys/class/dmi/id/product_uuid` | The UID obtained by reading the content of the `/sys/class/dmi/id/product_uuid`            |
```
Rahul, this method is to read a file to retrieve the ID to assign the Edge host.  This should be `deviceUIDPaths` and in the description, you should explain what this method does and refer the user below to the table for deviceUIDPaths to learn more.

> | 4        | `Random UUID`                                    | If all other methods fail, a random UUID is generated and used as the UID.                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 4        | `Random UUID`                                    | Assigns a random UUID as the Edge host ID.     |
```

> By default, the product UID path is set to `/sys/class/dmi/id/product_uuid`. To modify this path and use other attributes within the same folder, such as the product or board serial, use `regex` parameter. For example, instead of the default path `/sys/class/dmi/id/product_uuid`, you can use the board Serial Number path `/sys/class/dmi/id/board_serial` by applying a regex parameter. Refer to [syntax](https://github.com/google/re2/wiki/Syntax) for writing regex in the correct format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the product UID path is set to `/sys/class/dmi/id/product_uuid`. To modify this path and use other attributes within the same folder, such as the product or board serial, use the `regex` parameter. For example, instead of the default path **/sys/class/dmi/id/product_uuid**, you can use the board Serial Number path **/sys/class/dmi/id/board_serial** by applying a regex parameter. Refer to the [regex syntax](https://github.com/google/re2/wiki/Syntax) reference guide to learn more.
```

File paths are in bold per our style guide.

| Parameter         | Description                                           |
|-------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|

> | `deviceUIDPaths`    | Specifies the paths and associated regular expressions to extract the UID. |                                |

Reviewer: Isen't deviceUIDPaths the parent block? We should not include the parent block inside the table. The table is used to explain how to use the `deviceUIDPaths` block.

| `name`              | The path of the file containing the UID.              |
| `regex`             | The regular expression pattern to match the UID.      |

> Use the `regex` parameter to remove unsupported characters from attributes like product or board serial, ensuring a valid and compatible UID for seamless system integration. Refer to the warning box below to know about the list of unsupported characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `regex` parameter to remove unsupported characters from attributes like product or board serial, ensuring a valid and compatible UID for seamless system integration. Refer to the warning box below to know about the list of unsupported characters.
```
Rahul, spend sometime on the first sentence. It's a bit awkward to read.

<br />

```yaml
stylus:
  site:
    deviceUIDPaths:
      - name: /etc/palette/metadata-regex
        regex: "edge.*"
```

<br />

<WarningBox>

> The length of the UID truncates to a maximum allowed length of 128 characters. Please note that the following characters are unsupported: `/ ? # & + % , $ ~ ! @ * () {} | = ; : <> ' . ^ " `.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The length of the UID truncates to a maximum allowed length of 128 characters. Keep in mind that the following characters are unsupported: `/ ? # & + % , $ ~ ! @ * () {} | = ; : <> ' . ^ " `.
```
We don't use please in our text.
